Parametrize mouting transform for the gripper (#11)
AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_description: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* [PR-1](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_description/pull/1) - Configuration parameters for ModbusRTU.

> * [PR-11](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_description/pull/11) - Custom mounting transform for gripper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PR-11](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_description/pull/11) - Parametrized link transform for the gripper.
* [PR-1](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_description/pull/1) - Configuration parameters for ModbusRTU.
```
